Let's go from zero to go trader in 30
days. We coded our entry logic. Now
[music] we need to code our exit
[singing] logic. And to be fair, we
already started yesterday because in the
prompt, we asked to close the position
after 10 bars. The exact number of bars
doesn't really matter right now because
we will optimize it later. But there are
two very important things I added in the
prompt. One, to limit the strategy to
only one trade per day. Otherwise, as
long as the entry conditions remain
valid, the strategy would keep opening
positions. The second to close the
position at the end of the session and
this is crucial to keep the execution
clean. If you don't do this, you risk to
opening a trade late in the session and
closing it in the next one which breaks
our intraday logic. I always suggest to
limit the very first version of each
strategy to one trade per day. Why is
that? It is much easier to debug and to
verify the logic.